# Scrimmage ServerThe scrimmage server contains 2 parts: the server and the client. Both are technically distributed in the launcher.pyz.The client is how competitors will interact with the more logistical side of the competition, including teamregistration, code submission, and more. The server will accept said submissions and use them for various additionalfunctions, like running them through matches automatically, generating run stats, and more.## Client#### Running:1. The client must be built into the launcher.pyz, so build.bat will have to be run to when changes are made.2. The command `python launcher.pyz -scrimmage` opens up the scrimmage menu.    - The client will not work if it cannot connect to the server.3. Selecting one of the further suboptions will run that command.#### Available Commands:1. Team registration    - This will allow teams to register their team name with the server. They are given an ID in a file corresponding to    their team name that is used as verification on who they are. This is needed for all other commands.2. Code submission    - This allows teams to submit their code both for final results testing and for scrimmage server running.3. Stats viewing    - This returns stat specifics for the team. Info to be returned for this year's game are yet to be determined.4. Leaderboard    - TODO: returns the current top 3(?) teams and their determining score, as well as the place of the team that asked    for it. Might also return top teams for specifics, such as most disasters mitigated or more repaired, etc.    - ```      1. Leet hackers: Score 12      2. Fortran backers: Score 9      3. Big snackers: Score 8      {place_number}. {your_team}: Score {score}            Most Pies Eaten: Big snackers: 15      Most Disappointed: Fortran backers: yes      ```## Server#### Requirements:- The server is built on *mongodb* and will require it installed and running on the source computer. Community editionworks fine.- Python driver *pymongo* is required to interact with the running mongodb server. It can be installed by name throughpip.#### Running:1. The server is built in to the launcher.pyz but is not used or accessible through it.2. From the base folder, run `python -m scrimmage.server` to run the server.#### Available Actions:1. Base client interaction    - All client interactions have a respective server-end function. Each section will deal with it as necessary and    store it in the database. Every client command except registration requires a valid team ID, as generated by    registration.2. Scrimmage runs    - Upon client code submission, the user is automatically signed up to be run through the scrimmage server. They are     added to a queue to be run through in order. These runs are used to generate stats and info for the leaderboard,     on-stream visualizer, and team use. Currently, the best run is saved as the final score, only retrievable stat     information, and for stream visualization.3. Auto visualization for streaming    - Another thread is used to automatically run through all submitted client logs as generated by the scrimmage runs,    pick one, and put it through the visualizer. A separate streaming program is needed to capture that and display on     Twitch. Modifications can be made to allow the visualizer to only run through certain team's matches.4. Command input    - A final thread exists to allow command line input on the scrimmage server's computer. Some base functions have    been built in, such as `log`, which shows all hidden print messages with a time stamp, and `queue`, which shows the    entire running queue the scrimmage runner is using. It also contains the `exec` command to allow for specific code    to be run, though caution should be applied when using it as it can be highly destructive.