#Bytele Notes### 2019-10-01## What we went over### Previous Work- Nick	- Recreated 90% of the visualizer in cocos		- most recreated except graphs and functionality for moving backwards	- Planning to create visualizer utility for forecast	- assignments and papers to do are potential blocks- Sophie	- Working on generating the graphs in cocos	- expecting problems to arise attempting graph generation techniques- Riley	- Figured out the FPS problem with cocos	- Scrimmage server cleaning	- docker not ready will be a block	- working on min, max, avg of results for clients- Eric	- working on the issue for min, max, set clients for engine during the game	- assignment hours are a block this week- Sander	- Create more art for the visualizer	- looking into cocos	- planning to work on more sprites and the forecast utility	- calculus is a block, Nick's PR needs to be merged- Spencer	- Tinkering around with scrimmage server-client relations	- Close to having submissions setup- Wyly	- State of the Game Address## State of the Game### Riley notesresources:purpose: add additional places to put effort requiring further thought and prior planning	in order to manage disasters and such.		- stockpiling to be safe		- acquiring just what you need to be more efficient2 resources	- physical	- monetaryphysical resources used for repairing structuremonetary resources used for "repairing" populationmix of resources used for upgrading sensorsside structures:purpose: provide permanent buffs once builtbuffs	- mitigating damage from a single disaster	- possible devaluation towards certain categories, better at some disasters, worse at othersdecree:purpose: reward accurate predictions of weather eventsstraight damage mitigation against respective area### Eric notesSecondary resource - wood, gold, both?	Required for some activities, or always optional?	Boost? Linear or 1-to-1?	Side structures	Static disaster damage reduction?	Lasting disaster effort reduction?	Set number of effort provided per turn?	Implemented to add strategy options and complexity	Overlap with decree and sensors can cause issue with strategy	Have negatives as well as positives?Decree: pre-emptive damage reduction for future disasters	Gives reason to sensors### Spencer notes####Economy- How many currencies?	- One or two, money and wood?- What would it be for?	- Mainly to make the game slightly more difficult	- Two main ideas		- Required for some things but not for others such as stopping disasters		- Not required at all but beneficial for potential multipliers####Support Buildings- What are they for?	- Both preemptive and reactive things are pretty much covered	- May reduce effort needed to remove lasting disasters	- May give a certain amount of effort for certain disasters per turn automatically- Against: Reduces the benefits for good prediction	- Makes it less beneficial for players to code good prediction methods and upgrade their sensors- How does player work with them?	- Limited building slots?	- Slot number changes with structure?		- Doesn't work well with an AI	- Created as structure increases?		- Puts too much value on structure which is already valued for it's population cap####Decrees- What are they?	- Preemptive measures that reduce the effect of a disaster on the turn it occurs if the prediction is correct. 		- Amount of reduction is not determined, balancing issue	- Rewards player for building sensors and being correct.####Sensors- What are they?	- Take and slightly blur the odds of a disaster happening depending on how upgraded they are		- Need to be documented on percentage off is "10%" meaning 5% up and down or 10% up and down	- Fairly well coded as of now	- Only real remaining detail is balancing on how much they will cost- Can they be damaged?	- Once again, no.####Disasters- What are they?	- Basically fully implemented, just balancing changes needed	- They're killing people and destroying cities as we speak.	- Different disasters have different effects. Some do more to structure, some do more to population - We have some disaster ideas from previously that we never used	- Should we add more?		- No, we have no idea if we have too many as it is- Disaster odds	- Big boy disasters CAN happen early but the chances are low		- !roll 20d6		- Not a big issue for judging either because all teams would be subjected to the curb stomp			- average vs. mean		- A city getting smushed by a monster early on is pretty funny- Overall, they're in a pretty good spot right now, just balancing